This project entailed the coding of a Tic-Tac-Toe game utilizing HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. Wireframes were used (found here: https://wireframe.cc/WgQKcB ) to plan extensively how the DOM would be structured. CSS was a more straightforward approach due to this planning as the HTML utilized a table tag along with divs and h1's to accomplish the design.

 JavaScript and in extension JQuery is where majority of the time was spent. Most of that time was dedicated to researching what necessary functions, variables, and arrays would be needed to get the game running as I planned. I discovered that putting the values of the tic-tac-toe in an array was an option but I found defining each cell as a variable and grabbing each one using JQuery was a far more smoother yet challenging route. Reflecting all the different outcomes for a tie was also a challenge but after eliminating the wins it was slightly easier. I worked Regina to implement a player name function allowing a user to put their name on display. I would have liked to build upon this, possibly have the boxes move to opposite sides of the board and keep score of each player. Another feature I would have liked, and was actually planned in the beginning was my clearBoard function and having it execute after an alert for win or tie. I could only get it to execute using a JQuery click function. Maybe calling the function after each alert would work? Finally, making a menu screen, and adding some animations and sounds to make the game more immersive were in mind but could not be implemented due to too much time spent on other aspects. The AI aspect actually seemed doable if I had a compMove variable possibly and had a function and if loop similar to the playerX and playerO loops, but how would I transition before the two different game modes? Again a  menu would be nice. The game functions as it should and looks attractive, as a side project I'd like to work on implementing some of the features I mentioned above and see how it turns out.
